What can I do?
I would like to take more exercise, but I have not found a favourite sport.
The coach has not chosen me to play in the football team because I am not fit and I am not a good player.
I went running in the park to get fit, but I felt lonely and sad.
What can I do?
Alan.
I went to school by bus in the past and I did not feel fit, so last month I decided to take more exercise and started walking to school.
I have walked to school for three weeks now. I am getting a lot fitter and I feel healthier.
The problem is all my friends take the bus to school and I do not have anyone to talk with on the way.
What can I do? Barbara.
I love playing computer games with my friends.
I also watch TV and eat fast food.
I know it is not healthy and sometimes I get a stomach ache.
The problem is I do not know how to stop and become fitter and healthier.
I do not want to spend all my life sitting in a chair.
What can I do?
John.